---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
layout: "zenduty"
page_title: "zenduty_schedules Data Source - terraform-provider-zenduty"
subcategory: ""
description: |- 
  "`zenduty_schedules` data source allows you to query schedules in the account."
---

# zenduty_schedules (Data Source)

```hcl 

data "zenduty_schedules" "exampleschedules" {
  team_id = ""
}

```

`or`

```hcl

data "zenduty_schedules" "exampleschedules" {
  team_id = ""
  schedule_id = ""
}

```

```hcl

output "schedules" {
  value = data.zenduty_schedules.exampleschedules.schedules
}

```

## Argument Reference
* `team_id`(Required) - The UniqueID of the team to query.
* `schedule_id`(Optional) - The UniqueID of the schedule to query.along with team id

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported as list of maps:

* `name` - The name of the schedule.
* `unique_id` - The unique_id of the schedule.
* `team` - The unique_id of the team.
* `description` - The description of the schedule.
* `summary` - The summary of the schedule.
* `time_zone` - The time_zone of the schedule.
* `layers` - The layers of the schedule as a list of maps.
  * `name` - The name of the layer.
  * `shift_length` - The shift length of the layer in seconds.
  * `rotation_start_time` - start time of the layer.
  * `rotation_end_time` - end time of the layer.
  * `restriction_type` - The restriction_type of the layer. ex: `1` for day, `2` for week ,`0` for default
  * `users` - The list of users in the layer.
    * `username` - The username of the user.
    * `position` - The position of the user in the layer.
  * `restrictions` - The list of restrictions in the layer.
    * `start_time_of_day`- The start_time_of_day of the restriction. time in HH:MM:SS format.
    * `start_day_of_week` - The start_day_of_week of the restriction. for daily restriction, it is 7. for weekly restriction, it is the day of the week.ie: 1 for monday, 2 for tuesday, 3 for wednesday, 4 for thursday, 5 for friday, 6 for saturday, 7 for sunday.
    * `duration` - The duration of the restriction in seconds.for daily restriction, max value can be  86400(24*60*60). for weekly restriction, it is 604800(7*24*60*60).
* `overrides` - The list of overrides in the schedule.
  * `name`  - The name of the override.
  * `start_time`  - The start_time of the override. .
  * `end_time` - The end_time of the override.
  * `user` - The user of the override.




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->


### Required

- **team_id** (String)

### Optional

- **schedule_id** (String)

