---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Zenduty: Maintenance Windows"
subcategory: ""
description: |- 
     Provides a Zenduty Maintenance Window Resource. This allows Maintenance Window to be created, updated, and deleted.
  
---

# Resource : zenduty_maintenance_window 
Provides a Zenduty Maintenance Window Resource. This allows Maintenance Window to be created, updated, and deleted.    
## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "zenduty_teams" "exampleteam" {
  name = "exmaple team"
}

resource "zenduty_esp" "example_esp" {
  name = "example esp"
  team_id = zenduty_teams.exampleteam.id
  description = "this is an example esp"
}

resource "zenduty_services" "exampleservice" {
  name = "example service"
  team_id = zenduty_teams.exampleteam.id 
  escalation_policy = zenduty_esp.example_esp.id e
}



```

```hcl
resource "zenduty_maintenance_window" "example_maintenance_window" {
  name = "example maintenance window"
  team_id = zenduty_teams.exampleteam.id
  start_time = ""
  end_time = ""
  timezone = ""
  services = [zenduty_services.exampleservice.id] 
}

```


## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) The name of the maintenance window.
* `team_id` - (Required) The unique_id of the team to create the maintenance window in.
* `start_time` - (Required) The start time of the maintenance window in the format of "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM".
* `end_time` - (Required) The end time of the maintenance window in the format of "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM".
* `timezone` - (Required) The timezone of the maintenance window.
* `services` - (Required) The service ids that are associated with the maintenance window.
* `repeat_interval` - (Optional)(Number) The repeat interval of the maintenance window.
* `repeat_until` - (Optional)(String) The repeat until of the maintenance window in the format of "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM".


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Zenduty Service Maintenance.

## Import 

Service Maintenance can be imported using the `team_id`(ie. unique_id of the team) and `maintenance_id`(ie. unique_id of the maintenance), e.g.

```hcl
resource "zenduty_maintenance_window" "maintenance1" {


}
```

`$ terraform import zenduty_maintenance_window.maintenance1 team_id/maintenance_id` 

`$ terraform state show zenduty_maintenance_window.maintenance1`

`* copy the output data and paste inside zenduty_maintenance_window.maintenance1 resource block and remove the id attribute`

`$ terraform plan` to verify the import