---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Zenduty Services"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    "`zenduty_services` is a resource that allows you to create, update, and delete Zenduty services."
    
  
---

#  Resource : zenduty_services

"`zenduty_services` is a resource that allows you to create, update, and delete Zenduty services."

## Example Usage
```hcl

resource "zenduty_teams" "exampleteam" {
  name = "exmaple team"
}

resource "zenduty_esp" "example_esp" {
    name = "example esp"
    team_id = zenduty_teams.exampleteam.id
    description = "this is an example esp"
}

```

```hcl

resource "zenduty_services" "exampleservice" {
    name = "example service"
    team_id = zenduty_teams.exampleteam.id 
    escalation_policy = zenduty_esp.example_esp.id 
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` (Required) - Name of the service (unique) 
* `team_id` (Required) - Unique id of the team where the service will be created
* `escalation_policy` (Required) - Unique id of the escalation policy to be used by the service
* `description` (Optional) - Description of the service 
* `summary` (Optional) - Summary of the service
*  `collation` (Optional)  - The collation value for the service. Defaults to 1.
* `collation_time` (Optional) - The collation time for the service. Defaults to 1 minute.
* `sla` (Optional) - The SLA value for the service.
* `task_template` (Optional) - The task template value for the service.
* `team_priority` (Optional) - The team priority value for the service.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Zenduty Service.

## Import

Services can be imported using the `team_id`(ie. unique_id of the team) and `service_id`(ie. unique_id of the service), e.g.

```hcl
resource "zenduty_services" "service1" {


}
```

`$ terraform import zenduty_services.service1 team_id/service_id` 

`$ terraform state show zenduty_services.service1`


`* copy the output data and paste inside zenduty_services.service1 resource block and remove the id attribute`

`$ terraform plan to verify the import`



## Data Types
Required fields:

- **escalation_policy** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **team_id** (String)

 Optional fields:

- **collation** (Number)
- **collation_time** (Number)
- **description** (String)
- **sla** (String)
- **summary** (String)
- **task_template** (String)
- **team_priority** (String)


